README.md, before:

## Voice Based Photo Album Search

[Try it out](https://transcribe-websockets.go-aws.com/)

A static site demonstrating real-time audio transcription via Amazon Transcribe over a WebSocket.

This demo app uses browser microphone input and client-side JavaScript to demonstrate the real-time streaming audio transcription capability of [Amazon Transcribe](https://aws.amazon.com/transcribe/) using WebSockets.

Check out the [Amazon Transcribe WebSocket docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/transcribe/latest/dg/websocket.html).

## Building and Deploying

[![amplifybutton](https://oneclick.amplifyapp.com/button.svg)](https://console.aws.amazon.com/amplify/home#/deploy?repo=https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-transcribe-websocket-static)

Even though this is a static site consisting only of HTML, CSS, and client-side JavaScript, there is a build step required. Some of the modules used were originally made for server-side code and do not work natively in the browser.

We use [browserify](https://github.com/browserify/browserify) to enable browser support for the JavaScript modules we `require()`.

1. Clone the repo
2. run `npm install`
3. run `npm run-script build` to generate `dist/main.js`.

Once you've bundled the JavaScript, all you need is a webserver. For example, from your project directory: 

```
npm install --global local-web-server
ws
```

### Credits

This project is based on code written by Karan Grover from the Amazon Transcribe team, who did the hard work (audio encoding, event stream marshalling).

## License

This library is licensed under the Apache 2.0 License.

Commit message:

Add Lambda files Update README

README.md, after:

## Voice Based Photo Album Search

##### [Link To Web Application UnKnown Visitor](http://smartphotoalbum.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com)


## FRONTEND (HTML, JavaScript, CSS)
The frontend is hosted in AWS S3 and provides a web-app user interface to interact with the chat bot. Many open source libraries and frameworks were used to design the UI/UX of the bot. 

## DESCRIPTION

"Voice Based Photo Album Search" is a serverless, microservice driven web-based application, that can be searched using natural language
through both text and voice. We can upload photos and search then similar to a image search engine. It is designed using multiple AWS components :-
##### AWS Transcribe, API-Gateway, Swagger, S3-Buckets, Lambda Functions, VPC, ElasticSearch, AWS Lex, AWS Rekognition, Cloud watch.

The Search query from the user is sent to AWS Lex which identifies the keywords from the query and searched the Elastic Search for the indices. If there is a match then it will return all the images that matched the search query. The search query can be text that the user enters or it can be a voice note where we would use AWS Transcribe to convert speech to text and then use the text for the search query.

The Upload workflow takes an image from the user local system and uplads it directly to S3 and then uses AWS rekognition to index the image which is later stored in Elastic search.

## ARCHITECHTURE :- 
![alt text](https://github.com/maheshg23/Smart-Door-Authentication-System/blob/master/images/Architecture.png)


## SAMPLE UI OF THE WEB APPLICATION
![alt text](https://github.com/maheshg23/Smart-Door-Authentication-System/blob/master/images/ApplicationUI.png)


## SAMPLE OUTPUT 
### Search a Photo
The person at the door recieves an SMS of the OTP which is valid only for 5 minutes :-  
![alt text](https://github.com/maheshg23/Smart-Door-Authentication-System/blob/master/images/SeachOutput.png)


### References `
- https://medium.com/@dhruvarora2/access-aws-services-like-rekognition-from-a-vpc-enabled-lambda-b1d6907bae93
- https://medium.com/@dhruvarora2/setup-an-ec2-instance-as-a-nat-gateway-217d9bce82a0
- https://medium.com/@dhruvarora2/uploading-images-to-s3-via-api-gateway-put-request-435a774bcdb8
- https://github.com/aws-samples/amazon-transcribe-websocket-static
